More sessions for a longer period of time, like through out 6 months. a welcome meeting in person so you could introduce who the company is and you could meet the mentors and menteesMore networking events and maybe a few workshops!I think having a list of prompts for the first session would have been a good icebreakerI recommend establishing communication between mentees and recruiters, thereby enabling us to be considered for upcoming processes.Not really i felt it amazingPerhaps for the future, the initial meeting could be held in person instead of it being online and helping as an "Ice Breaker".Nono More networking eventsIn person meetings Not necesarily Online Playbook could be helpful.I think is very well organised as it isPeriodical online meeting with the Empower Latam community being part of the programNoNoI would say in the beginning check the enthusiasm of the mentors, as I know a girl who also applied to this programme and her experince with her mentor was different to mine.More workshops or webinars about professional skills to enhance our careerI was saddened that to some career talks I was unable to attend especially because I live in Bristol and I still had University to attend to. I really would have loved to attend a networking event.More topics to be covered It was an excellent for young professional trying to kick-start their careers in the UK. I had a great time on Google Uk as well.It has helped me a lot as I decided to move countries. Having a mentor has been wholesome, as they gave me ideas, homework and starting points in order to connect with others before travelling. i really appreciated this community and having my mentor. I loved working with the instagram account to get posts of me and for colombian independence day. i wish that i saw more of you guys in person! but i can see how that would be more difficult so your online presence was amazing. the way you paired me with my mentor was perfect i could really tell how much thought process went into the pairing of people i feel like my mentor really matched me.Mariana was an excellent mentor! It was great meeting other mentees at Google Offices and exchange experiences and network!I loved it. I felt supported both professional and personally, and listened to. As a woman and latina, it was lovely hearing from a latina woman about her experience in growing her professional career and starting a family in the UK, as I hope to do some day. The experience was truly enriching. It fosters a sense of support, knowing that we are not navigating the UK Job Market journey alone. To enhance the process, I suggest that Empower Latam consider conducting interviews with mentees and identifying the most promising candidates to connect with recruiters, facilitating successful job placements.I would have liked there to be a bit more structure in the sessions, but for this to be proposed by the organisation. For example, having predetermined topics to discuss, such as self-confidence, networking, and practical interview tips, etc., in order to make the experience more standardized. Of course, it should still be flexible enough to accommodate different work contexts, but at times, I felt somewhat uncertain about the objectives.This has been a truly eye opening experience where I have been able to network through my mentor and also educating me around the potential career routes I can take in the future. Having the LATAM mentorship program available will truly inspire many young Latin American students in pursuing their personal and professional goals leading to the positive growth of such community. A future recommendation could be an introductory in person meet up (Ice breaker event) with mentees and mentors potentially increasing the engagement throughout the program where everyone could perhaps be more open from the start and more willing to engage with the program more effectively. it was a great experience , I connect with my mentor from the beginning and was able to ask all the questions I had. Overall the mentorship program was helpful and had a good support from my mentor.My experience with Nick was amazing, he helped me a lot during the meeting and always reach out to make sure everything was clear. I'll definitely recommend him as a mentor and the program It was really good to have a supportive mentor throughout these months, it helped me find my voice and be more confident in my abilities, the only thing I would have changed is having a mentor in the same industry as me (graphic design) however my mentor was really insightful nevertheless.Insightful experience Very useful Having a Latin American mentor is a helpful experience. I never imagined I could find an organisation that could help me network with other Latin American Professionals in the UK when I arrived in this country. The experience and my mentor's advice would be beneficial for the transition from student life to professional life. My mentorship experience was amazing from the beginning to the end. Leaving university was really scary for me, I felt like I didn't have any clear goals post-university. However, after working with my mentor, I felt more confident about my skills and applied for challenging graduate  roles. Now, I have short- and long-term goals, and I know how to achieve them. My future is looking clearer and brighter, thanks to the Empower Latam Mentorship Program and I will be forever grateful for it. The grass of my career is looking greener now. The mentorship program has been beneficial. It is so interesting how all the community members found the same barriers when they arrived in this country. Having the support and previous knowledge from other Latin Americans is valuable.  What I enjoyed the most was having regular meetings with my mentor and having a safe space where I could feel comfortable discussing my fears and doubts. Samantha was exceptional. She helped me improve my CV and LinkedIn and gave me huge advices on what internships I should take and what my future looks like.Patricio was very welcoming and helped create a safe environment. He helped me greatly in my CV and LinkedIn.My mentor was incredibly friendly and kind, I am so grateful to know such and amazing lawyer like her, furthermore she is an inspirational women!It was a great experience to have a mentor and learn through their experience. Also it was very good to meet other mentees to improve my networking here in the UK. The program it's an amazing opportunity to grow the Latin-American community in this country. Thank you so much for this initiative. This mentorship program helped develop and discover aspects of myself I did not know were there and the importance of them. I had a session about the 4 agreements by Miguel Ruiz changed the way I behaved in my everyday life. In other sessions my presentation skills were enhanced, and at university when presenting I would apply the advice when presenting to my tutor or peers. Every session as a whole helped to better my skills but also become a better person.Helped me network with a professional in my industry It was a great mentorship because I was connected with a fellow professional in the industry of my interest. I found that very interesting and engaged for me and I believe it was a good match from the mentorship. As well having events for networking was very empowering during this programme. In general having more events between mentees or Latin Americans would be great. As well mapping the needs of the mentees as for example, if the majority are looking for job changes or enhancing skills.